Docs3 (#2237)
GMLC-TDC/HELICS: docs/user-guide/examples/advanced_examples/advanced_brokers_multicomputer.md

### Differences compared to Advanced Default example

As will be shown, the use of multiple computers to run the co-simulation will not affect the results of the co-simulation.

#### HELICS differences

Running a HELICS co-simulation across multiple computers is useful in situations when a federate is too large to fit on the same computer node as the rest of the federates, uses proprietary software that can't be installed on the same computer as the rest of the federation, or there are other limitations that require the federation to be split across multiple computers. (See the [User Guide section on broker hierarchies](../../advanced_topics/broker_multicomputer.md) for further details.)

### HELICS components

When running across multiple compute nodes, the relevant portion of the broker instantiation looks like this on the computer where broker is running:

```shell
"helics_broker --loglevel=debug --timeout='10s' --ipv4",
```

> The "ipv4" flag opens up an externally accessible port (by default, 23405).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The "ipv4" flag opens up an externally accessible ports (by default, 23405) on externally facing network interfaces with an ipv4 address.
```
